
The codes in this repository were written to design a level 3 ADAS system for a scale vehicle. In particular, the vehicle is capable of carrying out three tasks: Path Planing, Obstacle Avoidance ( both static and dynamic) and Traffic Sign Recognition. 
This repository contains four main branches which serve to different roles:
1) BRINGUP ---> launch: contains master.launch and master_sim.launch to call the ROS nodes that are responsible for the aforementioned tasks. The former is for the real vehicle whilw the latter is to test the behaviour of a digital twin of the vehicle in Webots. 
        ---> controllers: contains the python module "OsoyooPi_controller.py" that controls the real vehicle, so the code in which are defined all the I/O connections, the velocities functions and the steering system functions to make the vehicle move. It also has "cmd_sub.py" which is thwe ROS subscriber to the "cmd_vel" ROS topic which contains both longitudinal and translational velocity odf the vehicle at each time instant.
        --->protos: contains the Webots PROTO of the robot you want to use, it serves to have a physical description of the robot in order to avoid obsrtacles and create a feasible path
        ---> robot_description: contains the URDF of the robot, which is a physical description of the robot needed to establish a communication with ROS, since the URDF is a universal format.
        ---> src: contains the source file "sensor_enable.cpp"  that is needed to enable sensors and actuators in simulation, so it replaces the controller described before.
2) HECTOR_MAPPING--->  launch: 2 main files: "X2.launch" which is the launch file needed to run the SLAM on the real vehicle, using the YDLiDAR x3 , and "auto_hector_mapping.launch", which has the same role but in simulation with a virtual LiDAR on Webots.
3) NAVIGATION ---> config: please refer to http://wiki.ros.org/navigation/Tutorials/RobotSetup to understand more about these configuration files and how to set them up for your own robot. Briefly, in this branch are defined two costmaps and two planners. The combination of a costmap and a planner serves to define both a global plan and a local plan. The global plan is used to define the rfoute from a starting point to a goal destination, while the local planner is used to create multiple local plans to avoid static and dynamic obstacles encountered while trying to follow the global plan. To configure the Path Planning it was used the ROS package "move_base" and the employed planners were Dijkstra for the global ( more info here:  http://wiki.ros.org/global_planner) and TEB for the local ( more info here: http://wiki.ros.org/teb_local_planner).
4) YOLO ---> scripts: three main files: a) "DASHBOARD_REV8_CUDA.py" is used to create a dashboard to visualize the output of the camera mounted on the real vehicle. The dashboard allows the user to see the environment that the vehicle is seeing, the detected traffic signs, together with a label that indicates the class that the signal belongs to and a probability of correct identification. Moreover, when a sign is detected, it appears the estimated distance from the vehicle and the name of the sign on the right side of the dashboard to have a better underdstanding.
                                         b) "signal_detection.py" contains the updated weights of the YOLO algorithm used for the TSR.
                                         c) yolo_car 1.py" is used to publish the video retrieved from the camera mounted on the car
